[NEW BONUS GUIDE] Install / Update / Uninstall common languages (#1150)
raspibolt/raspibolt: guide/bonus/lightning/regolancer.md

---

## Install Go

> * To [install Go](https://raspibolt.org/guide/bonus/raspberry-pi/golang.html#install-go) follow the instructions provided in the bonus guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To install Go follow the instructions provided in the [bonus guide](../raspberry-pi/golang.md#install-go).
```

> ## Install GO

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Install Go
```
